docs(srv): add titles to FAQ pages MTA-5486 (#4253)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/serverless-functions.mdx

**Total monthly cost: €45.72**

## Resources and performance

### How to select the right resources (vCPU/RAM) for Serverless Functions ?

Insufficient vCPU and RAM resources can lead to functions going to error status. Make sure to provision enough resources for your function.

We recommend you set high values, [use metrics to monitor](/serverless/functions/how-to/monitor-function/) the resource usage of your function, then adjust the value accordingly.

### How does scaling work in these serverless services?

Scaling in Serverless Containers and Serverless Functions is handled automatically by the platform. When demand increases - more requests or events - the platform spins up additional instances to handle the load. When demand decreases, instances spin down. This ensures optimal performance without manual intervention.

### Can I upgrade Serverless Function resources (vCPU and RAM) at any time?

Yes, Serverless Functions resources can be changed at any time without causing downtime, see the previous question for full details.

> ### Can updates of Serverless Function cause downtime?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Does updating a Serverless Function cause downtime?
```

No, deploying a new version of your Serverless Function generates a **rolling update**. This means that a new version of the service is gradually
rolled out to your users without downtime. Here is how it works:

* When a new version of your function is deployed, the platform automatically starts routing traffic to the new version incrementally, while still serving requests from the old version until the new one is fully deployed.
* Once the new version is successfully running, we gradually shift all traffic to it, ensuring zero downtime.
* The old version is decommissioned once the new version is fully serving traffic.

This process ensures a seamless update experience, minimizing user disruption during deployments. If needed, you can also manage traffic splitting between versions during the update process, allowing you to test new versions with a subset of traffic before fully migrating to them.

> ### How to reduce cold-start of Serverless Functions ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to reduce cold-start of Serverless Functions?
```

* **Optimize the startup**: Cold-start can be affected by a loading a large number of dependencies and opening lot of resources at startup.

> Ensure that your code avoid heavy computations or long-running initialization at startup and optimize the number of loaded libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that your code avoids heavy computations or long-running initialization at startup and optimize the number of loaded libraries.
```

* **Keep your function warm**: You can use CRON triggers at certain intervals to keep your function warm or set the min-scale parameter to one when required.

* **Increase resources**: Adding more vCPU and RAM can help to significantly reduce the cold-starts of your function.

> * **Use sandbox v2**: we recommend to use sandbox v2 (advanced settings) to reduce cold start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Use sandbox v2**: We recommend using sandbox v2 (advanced settings) to reduce cold start.
```

### What are the limitations of Serverless Functions?

Refer to our dedicated page about [Serverless Functions limitations and configuration restrictions](/serverless/functions/reference-content/functions-limitations/) for more information.

### What runtimes are available on Serverless Functions?

> Serverless Functions enables you to deploy functions using popular languages: `Go`, `Node`, `Python`, `PHP`, `Rust`...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Functions enables you to deploy functions using popular languages such as `Go`, `Node`, `Python`, `PHP`, and `Rust`, amongst others.
```

Refer to our dedicated page about [Serverless Functions Runtimes Lifecycle](/serverless/functions/reference-content/functions-lifecycle/)

> ### Why does my function have an instance running after deployment, even with min-scale 0?

Reviewer: La virgule ça passe dans le titre pour les ancres ?

Author: Oui, elle est omise dans l'url (e.g. deployment-even-with-min...)

Currently, a new function instance will always start after each deployment, even if there is no traffic and the minimum

> scale is set to 0. This behavior is not configurable at this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scale is set to `0`. This behavior is not configurable at this time.
```

## Usage

> ### How can I deploy my Functions?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How can I deploy my functions?
```

> Serverless Functions use cases are wide so [several ways to deploy functions](/serverless/functions/reference-content/deploy-function/) are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are [several ways to deploy Serverless Functions](/serverless/functions/reference-content/deploy-function/), to accommodate a broad range of use cases.
```

### Where can I find some advanced code examples for functions?

Check out our [serverless-examples repository](https://github.com/scaleway/serverless-examples) for real world projects.

### How to migrate runtimes?

There are no constraints when changing a function runtime, you simply need to choose the runtime version you want.
Upgrading a runtime is highly recommended in case of deprecation, and for runtimes that have reached end-of-support or end-of-life. See the [functions runtimes lifecycle documentation](/serverless/functions/reference-content/functions-lifecycle/) for more information.

## Network and storage

### How do I configure access to a Private Network?

Scaleway Serverless Functions does not currently support Scaleway VPC or Private Networks, though this feature is under development.

To add network restrictions on your resource, consult the [list of prefixes used at Scaleway](https://www.scaleway.com/en/peering/). Note that Serverless resources do not have dedicated or predictable IP addresses.

### Can I allow to list the IPs of my functions?

> Serverless Functions does not yet support Private Networks. However, you can use the Scaleway IP ranges defined  at [https://www.scaleway.com/en/peering/](https://www.scaleway.com/en/peering/) on Managed Databases and other products that allow IP filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Functions does not yet support Private Networks. However, you can use the Scaleway IP ranges defined at [https://www.scaleway.com/en/peering/](https://www.scaleway.com/en/peering/) on Managed Databases and other products that allow IP filtering.
```

### Can I use Serverless Functions with Edge Services?

You cannot use Serverless Functions with Edge Services because there are no native integrations between the two products yet.

### Can I use the IP address of a Serverless Function?

> By design, it is not possible to guarantee static IPs on Serverless compute resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By design, it is not possible to guarantee static IPs on Serverless Compute resources.
```
